Release 1.14.0 (#2380)
fluxcd/flux: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.14.0 (2019-08-21)

This feature release adds a read-only mode to the Flux daemon, adds
support for mapping images in `HelmRelease` resources using YAML dot
notation annotations, eases the deployment of Flux with a new `fluxctl
install` command which generates the required YAML manifests, lots of
documentation improvements, and many more.

### Fixes

- Fetch before branch check to detect upstream changes made after the
  initial clone
  [fluxcd/flux#2371][]

### Enhancements

- With `--git-readonly`, `fluxd` can now sync a git repo without having
  write access to it. In this mode, `fluxd` will not make any commits
  to the repo.
  [fluxcd/flux#1807][]

> - Mapping images in `HelmRelease resources` using YAML dot notation

Reviewer: Say "dot notation annotation" ten times, fast :-)

Author: It is my new favourite word combination.

Reviewer: Then it is decided: henceforth we shall exploit all opportunities to use the term "dot notation annotation"

This feature release adds a read-only mode to the Flux daemon, adds
support for mapping images in `HelmRelease` resources using YAML dot
notation annotations, eases the deployment of Flux with a new `fluxctl
install` command which generates the required YAML manifests, lots of
documentation improvements, and many more.

### Fixes

- Fetch before branch check to detect upstream changes made after the
  initial clone
  [fluxcd/flux#2371][]

### Enhancements

- With `--git-readonly`, `fluxd` can now sync a git repo without having
  write access to it. In this mode, `fluxd` will not make any commits
  to the repo.
  [fluxcd/flux#1807][]
- Mapping images in `HelmRelease resources` using YAML dot notation
  annotations is now supported
  [fluxcd/flux#2249][]
- `fluxctl` has a new `install` command to ease generating the YAML
  manifests required to deploy Flux
  [fluxcd/flux#2287][]
- Kubectl and Kustomize have been upgraded
  - `kubectl` -> `1.13.8` [fluxcd/flux#2327][]
  - `kustomize` -> `3.1.0` [fluxcd/flux#2299][]
- The annotation domain has been changed to `fluxcd.io`, but backwards
  compatibility with the old (`flux.weave.works`) domain is maintained
  [fluxcd/flux#2219][]

> - The amount of sorts done by `ListImagesWithOptions` has been reduced

Reviewer: s/amount/number/

Reviewer: (amount is usually used only for continuous quantities, e.g., "that is a large amount of water")

  [fluxcd/flux#2338][]
- `fluxctl` will only look for running `fluxcd` pods while attempting
  to setup a port forward
  [fluxcd/flux#2283][]
- `--registry-poll-interval` has been renamed to `--automation-interval`
  to better reflect what it controls; the interval at which automated
  workloads are checked for updates, and updated.
  [fluxcd/flux#2284][]
- `fluxctl` now has a global `--timeout` flag, which controls how long

>   it waits for jobs fired of to `fluxd` to complete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it waits for jobs sent to `fluxd` to complete
```

  documentation
  [fluxcd/flux#2369][]
- Documentation has been added on how to deploy Flux with Kustomize
  [fluxcd/flux#2375][]
- CLVR, IBM Cloudant, Omise, Replicated, and Yusofleet are now listed as
  production users (:tada:!)
  fluxcd/flux{[#2331][fluxcd/flux#2331], [#2343][fluxcd/flux#2342], [#2360][fluxcd/flux#2360], [#2373][fluxcd/flux#2373], [#2378][fluxcd/flux#2378]}
- Various changes to the documentation
  fluxcd/flux{[#2306][fluxcd/flux#2306], [#2311][fluxcd/flux#2311], [#2313][fluxcd/flux#2313], [#2314][fluxcd/flux#2314],
    [#2315][fluxcd/flux#2315], [#2332][fluxcd/flux#2332], [#2351][fluxcd/flux#2351], [#2353][fluxcd/flux#2353],
    [#2358][fluxcd/flux#2358], [#2363][fluxcd/flux#2363], [#2364][fluxcd/flux#2364], [#2365][fluxcd/flux#2365],
    [#2367][fluxcd/flux#2367], [#2368][fluxcd/flux#2368], [#2372][fluxcd/flux#2372]}
- Soon-to-be deprecated version script has been removed from the Snapcraft
  build configuration
  [fluxcd/flux#2350][]
- Various typos have been fixed
  fluxcd/flux{[#2348][fluxcd/flux#2348], [#2352][fluxcd/flux#2352], [#2295][fluxcd/flux#2295]}
- Various CI build tweaks (i.a. support preleases containing numbers, Go

>   tarbal cleanup after installation, Helm chart release changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  tarball cleanup after installation, Helm chart release changes)
```

  
[fluxcd/flux#1807]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/1807
[fluxcd/flux#2056]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2056
[fluxcd/flux#2152]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2152
[fluxcd/flux#2219]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2219
[fluxcd/flux#2249]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2249
[fluxcd/flux#2283]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2283
[fluxcd/flux#2284]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2284
[fluxcd/flux#2287]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2287
[fluxcd/flux#2295]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2295
[fluxcd/flux#2298]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2298
[fluxcd/flux#2299]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2299
[fluxcd/flux#2301]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2301
[fluxcd/flux#2302]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2302
[fluxcd/flux#2306]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2306
[fluxcd/flux#2311]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2311
[fluxcd/flux#2312]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2312
[fluxcd/flux#2313]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2313
[fluxcd/flux#2314]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2314
[fluxcd/flux#2315]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2315

> [fluxcd/flux#2315]: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/pull/2315

Reviewer: listed twice
